11. What are the advantages of dynamic memory allocation over static memory   allocation?

->When we  have gone through the static memory allocation concept, it is clear that the static
 memory allocation major disadvantages. To overcome those disadvantages dynamic memory allocation is used. 
That is the reason why dynamic memory allocation has many advantages over static memory allocation.
When main memory is allocated statically it cannot be altered during the 
execution of program. When main memory is allocated dynamically it can be altered 
during the execution of program as per the user wish. The length of dynamically 
allocated memory either can be decreased or increased. This is the major advantage 
of dynamic memory allocation over static memory allocation.
                    
Suppose user wishes to enter elements of an array or a list one by one just after allocating memory and
 he may stop at any point then definitely it is not possible by means of static memory allocation.
 So the dynamic memory allocation certainly has an advantage in this case over static memory allocation. 
Such dynamically created list is called as linked list.

 In case of dynamically created lists insertions and deletions can be done very easily just by the manipulation 
of addresses whereas in case of statically allocated memory insertions and deletions lead to more number of 
movements and wastage of memory.

In case of statically allocated memory there is every chance of “overflow”  during insertions in the lists, 
whereas in case of dynamically allocated memory it does not come into picture unless otherwise unavailability 
of main memory.
                   For some liner data structures like STACK and QUEUE, dynamic memory allocation proves 
very much appropriate because the length of such data structure is not fixed. They may increase or decrease 
dynamically that is during the execution of program. Similarly non-linear data structures need recursive definitions
 of   “struct” data type, so the need of dynamic memory allocation.
